So back in the service worker file in our main project, we already added quite some functionality regarding
caching,
now I want to dive into some advanced use cases and actually, we want to start with caching triggered by
a user event. Then we will access the caching, not from inside our service worker but from inside our normal
Javascript code in the source Javascript folder.
A typical use case for that is an article on a news site which we want to save to access it later, maybe
even offline,
this is what I want to simulate for that and to simulate it,
I temporarily need to turn off our dynamic cache here because if it's turned on, we can't simulate this because
we're caching everything anyways. So we're adding a new card dynamically here in this div, the shared moments
div,
this happens in the feed.js file through this create card function here.
Now my goal is to add a button here which allows us to save this card when the user wants to do so.
For that, I will first of all add such a button and I will it at the end of my supporting text element
here, where I input some text
anyways I set the text content,
well I also want to append a button,
let's see how that looks like.
Let's add card supporting text and append a child here.
Now this child should be a button element, so I'm going to create a var card save button maybe, whatever
name you like with document create element and then it will be of type button,
so let's simply add this button here, we can add some styling thereafter too. To see this change,
we of course have to go back to the application and reloading won't do,
we have to clear the storage to get rid of the old service worker, the old cached files from the assignment
from the last module. So clear the site data to get rid of everything and then reload. With that, we don't
have dynamic anymore so reload the route page,
you see that card here, you don't see a button on the card though.
The reason can be found in the elements tab,
we have a button with no text in there,
if I do add a caption though,
so if we access the save button and set the text content equal to save and then we go to our service
worker and bump the version up because we changed that file,
now we can go back to the application, reload and then close the tab and reopen it,
like this, then we should see the save button here.
Now obviously, you could position somewhere else
but the key thing is we do have a button here which we should be able to click.
Let's see if the click does something on that button by simply adding a click listener to it,
so I can do that here,
card save button and add an event listener,
click
and there, I want to trigger a method which I'll name onSaveButtonClicked. Don't add parentheses
here because I only want to have a reference to another function which I'll add above it which
I'll name onSaveButtonClicked,
so the name I used down there. Here I will get the event object because this will be triggered by the
event listener
and for now, I simply want to output clicked here.
So with that, let's go back to the service worker, change that to V6 to update that because we updated our
code, reload the page thereafter, reload it by opening a new tab and now we should see that if we clicked
this button here, we see clicked in the console.
So that's working.
Now in the next lecture with that prepared, I want to make sure that upon clicking here, we do save the
card for offline access because right now if I go offline and I reload the page, our app shell is there
but of course the icons are missing due to disable dynamic loading as well as the card.
The card is what I want to bring back.